Pipeline: output: flowcounter: style (#1939)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/flowcounter.md

> # FlowCounter

Author: ```suggestion
# Flow counter
```

> The _FlowCounter_ output plugin lets you count up records and their size.

Reviewer: do we want to change this to "Flow counter"? I'm not sure why it's pascal case... it doesn't seem like a proper noun :P

Author: I was going with it because I couldn't definitively change it to something else but.. I think you're probably right because "Flow counter" is a real thing.

> The _FlowCounter_ output plugin lets you count up records and their size.

Author: ```suggestion
The _Flow counter_ output plugin lets you count up records and their size.
```
